README.md, before:

<a name="readme-top"></a>

<div align="center"> 

  <img src="kefi-Unearthed-5.png" alt="logo" width="280"  height="auto" />
    <h3><b>Anna Petras for KING YESHUA - Kefi Unearthed</b></h3>
  <br/>
💜
  <h3><b>Personal README Template</b></h3>
  <br/>
  
</div>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->

# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📖 About the Project](#about-project)
  - [🛠 Built With](#built-with)
    - [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
    - [Key Features](#key-features)
  - [🚀 Live Demo](#live-demo)
- [💻 Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Setup](#setup)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Install](#install)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [Run tests](#run-tests)
  - [Deployment](#triangular_flag_on_post-deployment)
- [👥 Authors](#authors)
- [🔭 Future Features](#future-features)
- [🤝 Contributing](#contributing)
- [⭐️ Show your support](#support)
- [🙏 Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
- [❓ FAQ (OPTIONAL)](#faq)
- [📝 License](#license)

<br>

<!-- PROJECT DESCRIPTION -->

# 📖 NAME OF PROJECT<a name="about-project"></a>

**Name of Project** is a project ...complete sentence

<br>

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>
    HTML
    CSS
    Javascript (ES6)
    Webpack
    Linters

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## Project Demo Image
<br>
<img align="center" src="project_demo.png" alt="logo" width="100%"  height="auto" />

  <br/>

## 🚀 Live Demo <a name="live-demo"></a>

[Name of Project](https://ADD LINK.git)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

- Create a local directory that you want to clone the repository.

- Open the command prompt in the created directory.

- On the terminal run this command git clone `https://github.com/annaeliana7/ADD LINK.git`

- Go to the repository folder using command prompt cd `NAME OF PROJECT`

- Install the dev dependencies for linters run npm install.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

### Prerequisites

In order to run this project you need:

-Any broswer


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

### Setup

Clone this repository to your desired folder:

- Open the command prompt in the created directory.

- On the terminal run this command git clone https://ADD LINK.git

- Go to the repository folder using command prompt cd NAME-OF-FILE

- Install the dev dependencies for linters run npm install.
--->


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- Author -->

👤 **Author**
Anna Petras

- GitHub: [@annaeliana7](https://github.com/annaeliana7)


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


## 🔭 Future Features <a name="future-features"></a>

- Implement some UX improvements: added transitions and/or animation.

- Implement additional pages.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://ADD LINK.git).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>
💜 HaShem (Abba) and Yeshua, I LOVE YOU! 💜 Thank you!
I HONOR + GLORIFY YOU FOREVER ... 💜


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [MIT](./LICENSE) licensed.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<br>

<!-- Author's message -->

<div align="center">
    <img src="kefi-Unearthed-5.png" alt="logo" width="250"  height="auto" />
    <h3><b>Anna Petras for KING YESHUA - Kefi Unearthed</b></h3>
💜
<br>
💜
<br>
💜
<br>
PETRAS FAMILY

Commit message:

Add README with Project Description and Demo Image

README.md, after:

<a name="readme-top"></a>

<div align="center"> 

  <img src="kefi-Unearthed-5.png" alt="logo" width="280"  height="auto" />
    <h3><b>Anna Petras for KING YESHUA - Kefi Unearthed</b></h3>
  <br/>
💜
  <h3><b>Personal README Template</b></h3>
  <br/>
  
</div>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->

# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📖 About the Project](#about-project)
  - [🛠 Built With](#built-with)
    - [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
    - [Key Features](#key-features)
  - [🚀 Live Demo](#live-demo)
- [💻 Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Setup](#setup)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Install](#install)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [Run tests](#run-tests)
  - [Deployment](#triangular_flag_on_post-deployment)
- [👥 Authors](#authors)
- [🔭 Future Features](#future-features)
- [🤝 Contributing](#contributing)
- [⭐️ Show your support](#support)
- [🙏 Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
- [❓ FAQ (OPTIONAL)](#faq)
- [📝 License](#license)

<br>

<!-- PROJECT DESCRIPTION -->

# 📖 Spinning Grace- A Musical Carousel of God's Love<a name="about-project"></a>

**Spinning Grace- A Musical Carousel of God's Love** 
<br>

Spinning Grace: A Musical Carousel of God's Love. This JavaScript repository employs HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Webpack, Linters, Visual Studio Code, and GitHub Pages to create a carousel featuring three songs that symbolize God's almighty love: Amazing Grace, This I Know, and How Great is Our God.

<br>

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>
    HTML
    CSS
    Javascript
    Webpack
    Linters
    Visual Studio Code
    GitHub

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## Project Demo Image
<br>
<img align="center" src="project_demo.png" alt="logo" width="100%"  height="auto" />

  <br/>

## 🚀 Live Demo <a name="live-demo"></a>

[Spinning Grace- A Carousel of God's Love](https://annaeliana7.github.io/Spinning-Grace--A-Musical-Carousel-of-God-s-Love/dist)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

- Create a local directory that you want to clone the repository.

- Open the command prompt in the created directory.

- On the terminal run this command git clone `https://github.com/annaeliana7/Spinning-Grace--A-Musical-Carousel-of-God-s-Love.git`

- Go to the repository folder using command prompt cd `Spinning Grace- A Musical Carousel of God's Love`

- Install the dev dependencies for linters run npm install.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

### Prerequisites

In order to run this project you need:

-Any broswer


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

### Setup

Clone this repository to your desired folder:

- Open the command prompt in the created directory.

- On the terminal run this command git clone https://github.com/annaeliana7/Spinning-Grace--A-Musical-Carousel-of-God-s-Love.git

- Go to the repository folder using command prompt cd Spinning Grace- A Musical Carousel of God's Love

- Install the dev dependencies for linters run npm install.
--->


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- Author -->

👤 **Author**
Anna Petras

- GitHub: [@annaeliana7](https://github.com/annaeliana7)


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


## 🔭 Future Features <a name="future-features"></a>

- Implement some UX improvements: added transitions and/or animation.

- Implement additional pages.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/annaeliana7/Spinning-Grace--A-Musical-Carousel-of-God-s-Love/issues).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>
💜 HaShem (Abba) and Yeshua, I LOVE YOU! 💜 Thank you!
I HONOR + GLORIFY YOU FOREVER ... 💜


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [MIT](./LICENSE) licensed.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<br>

<!-- Author's message -->

<div align="center">
    <img src="kefi-Unearthed-5.png" alt="logo" width="250"  height="auto" />
    <h3><b>Anna Petras for KING YESHUA - Kefi Unearthed</b></h3>
💜
<br>
💜
<br>
💜
<br>
PETRAS FAMILY
